## **5/27/2022 - _Heavily Testing_**

Today we will begin testing all of the things in our end of entry thoughts from yesterday as well as many other new things such as will the motors be able to run at full speed for the entire match without losing performance.


### **Goals for Today**

- [x] Test Different RPM Combinations with 1 Fixed at 2000 RPM
- [ ] Test Different Wheel Hardnesses and Combinations of Wheel Hardnesses
- [ ] Run the Motor Overheat Tests
- [ ] What is the best overall setup (angle, rpm, wheel hardness)
- [ ] What can be done to decrease spin up and recovery time of the Flywheels


### **Testing**

#### **RPM Combination Testing - Test 001 A-U**

For all of these test we will do five shots at each different tested settings with a fresh fully charged battery and a full tank of air. The Camera is posistion 8 feet away from the base line that is in line with the center of the Launcher with the Camera 4 feet in the air.

##### **Inital Take Away**

My inital take away before reviewing footage from this test is that with the left flywheel spinning slower the disc seems to not only go straighter but fly farther than the discs fired with the right flywheel spinning slower. Something I noticed when the right flywheel was spinning slower was that the discs began to shoot out right instantly and began curving to the left, unlike the disc fired with the left flywheel moving slower which caused the disc to curve to the right.

##### **Table of Data**

||Left Flywheel RPM|Right Flywheel RPM|Stable (Y/N)|
|:---|:---:|:---:|:---:|
|Test 001 A|2000|2000|N|
|Test 001 B|1900|2000|N|
|Test 001 C|1800|2000|N|
|Test 001 D|1700|2000|N|
|Test 001 E|1600|2000|Y|
|Test 001 F|1500|2000|Y|
|Test 001 G|1400|2000|Y|
|Test 001 H|1300|2000|Y|
|Test 001 I|1200|2000|Y|
|Test 001 J|1100|2000|Y|
|Test 001 K|1000|2000|Y|
|Test 001 L|2000|1900|N|
|Test 001 M|2000|1800|N|
|Test 001 N|2000|1700|N|
|Test 001 O|2000|1600|Y|
|Test 001 P|2000|1500|Y|
|Test 001 Q|2000|1400|Y|
|Test 001 R|2000|1300|Y|
|Test 001 S|2000|1200|Y|
|Test 001 T|2000|1100|Y|
|Test 001 U|2000|1000|Y|


##### **Take Away**
I noticed that the disc tends to stabalize around when one wheel is spinning at 2000 and the other at 1600. While it does get more stable as one side is decreased, it also tends to veer more and not go as far. The veering is more noticable when the left wheel is spinning faster than the right wheel. The disc is more stabalized as the left wheel is slowed and the right wheel is kept at 2000.


### **End of Entry Thoughts** 

We didn't get as much as we wanted to do today done, but we will continue to do a few more test Tuesday, then we can move on to desinging and building intakes. Today however yielded some valuable information on combinations of flywheel speeds that will greatly help us in future designing of launchers.
